{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 For a moment I don\'92t know where I\'92m going, just hoping I\'92m still in a straight line in the shoulder of the highway.  I\'92m engulfed in a plume of snow, light, softer than the dust from a moth\'92s wing.  I\'92m riding to work, over three hundred metal studs per tire keeping me upright, clawing at the ice and snow, praying that the washboarded hardback doesn\'92t throw me into traffic.  \
The big trucks are the worst.  Their flat noses create whirling drafts that spin the snow into a little storm, a whirlpool off the prow of a boat.  I get lost in a horizonless world.  It\'92s a very strange sensation, suddenly losing my bearings and any visual grasp of physics.  I place my faith in my equipment and hold onto the bars, my hands hugged by my mittens, or \'93pogies\'94 as they are called in Alaska.  The bike wants to stay upright, I tell myself.  This is ice-biking at its best.  The bicycle acting as a tool to accomplish a goal, but making the process enjoyable and serene, well, at serene at least when I can see where I\'92m going.\
Moving to Colorado, I assumed my Nokian studded tires would come in handy for winter commuting.  The truth is, however, that snow doesn\'92t really stick around for very long here.  I\'92ve been able to ride my road bike most days, in fact, under the beautiful sunshine.  In Alaska, I would change my tires some time in October or November and keep them spiky until May or June when the nostalgic vestiges of muddy autumn still clung to the nobs of my summer tires.  I always loved riding in winter and was something I always looked forward to each year.\
This week, a few inches of snow fell on central Colorado.  I looked outside in anguish as I saw my cycling path disappear under a white blanket.  This feeling surprised me, since in Alaska I would pray for snow to keep the ski trails smooth and fast.  But road cycling is in my workout routine, dammit, and I don\'92t want to break it.  I have to workout.  It keeps me sane.\
In this country, one is his or her occupation.  You are what you do.  For example, a person does not practice medicine, they are a doctor.  One does not practice plumbing, he or she is a plumber.  An American human being is inseparable from the culture of 
\i being
\i0  something.  It\'92s a default caste system, a paradigm of pigeon-holing people into facets of the economic machine.  \
When I was studying Geology in Alaska, my cohorts and I would sometimes discuss when, exactly, one can call themselves a \'93geologist.\'94  \
\'93When you start getting paid,\'94 someone would always suggest.\
\'93But graduate students don\'92t really get paid,\'94 another would say, \'93are they not geologists?\'94\
It wasn\'92t until recently that I was able to answer this question.  It has nothing to do with if or how much one gets paid, or even how diligently one practices geology.  A geologist becomes a geologist when they 
\i become
\i0  a geologist.  In other words, when society puts you in that box, or when a person puts themselves in that role.  \
Am I a cyclist?  I ride my bike a lot and I really enjoy it.  But I don\'92t race (I\'92m one of the least competitive people out there), and I certainly don\'92t get paid to ride.  I\'92m a cyclist if I desire to be, I suppose.  I have to assume that role and allow others to register me there.  Perhaps this is why there are so many cyclists who are single-sport athletes.  They are 
\i cyclists
\i0 .  \
A doctor cannot also be a radio jockey, or an accountant, or a flight attendant.  A doctor\'92s profession is melded into his or her sense of self.  Perhaps the shear number of hours spent in medical school melds a person, like bootcamp, into some soldier boiled down to a serial number, stripped of all creativity so that when a doctor creates art people are stunned, or when a plumber climbs Mt. Everest everyone gasps in surprise.  \
My sense of self is fluid.  I ride my bike, I run, I ski, I write and I take pictures.  Yet it would be exhausting to have a business card that said, Todd Jacobus: cyclist, runner, skier, writer, photographer, geologist.  Today I am an ice-biker.  I venture out into the empty, icy bike path that I usually zip down on my squirrelly road bike.  My mountain bike, that now begs to be called General Sherman, squeaks along on rusty brake rotors, but still glides over the soft snow.  This is what I didn\'92t realize I missed about Alaska.}