{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The taste of duck still clings to my teeth as I think about how the Yukon salt and glacial dirt still grits into the purple croamally steal of my Surly Troll, my baby, my workhorse.  I need to clean it.  It\'92s been over two months since I crash landed in Colorado and the poor thing still begs to be brushed off with my old toothbrush\'97it\'92s all I have.  On the road out of Alaska, the first picture I took I was nearing Tok, the sub-arctic blue light glowing of the caked snow on its tires.  Seattle rains threatened to ruin the drive train should we have stayed there for more than four days.  Poor thing.  God bless the desiccating winds of Idaho.\
\'93Sombody please,\'94 a woman shouts from a table on the other side of the restaurant.  \'93Call 911.\'94  I look over and see a large round table of dumbfounded faces, a head of gray hair laying limp in a younger woman\'92s arms.\
\'93Is she choking?\'94 My girlfriend asks.  I didn\'92t think so.  \
\'93Must have feignted,\'94 I added.\
After a few minutes the police arrive, followed by the fire department.  Blue and red lights flash through the orange glow of Chinese-looking lamps and insipid paper walls.  I finish chewing my last bite of dry duck that has lost its flavor.  Paramedics enter and I wonder if the woman is dead.  I didn\'92t know if it was even a woman.  It could be a man.  Our server seems to pretend that nobody is dying over at table three.  I think of Kung Pao jokes as the fire department radios chatter, but just go along pretending with the waiter.  He smiles, we pay and head for the door as the tuft of nameless gray hair sucks on an oxygen mask.  
\i Shit
\i0 , I think to myself.  
\i I need to clean my bikes
\i0 .\
\
I also need to fucking get a job, but let\'92s live one day at a time.  Today I\'92m cleaning the drive train.  I have three bikes.  Today I am cleaning who I sometimes refer to as Sir Alabaster Numbjunk.  He is a road bike, not sure why he\'92s a 
\i he
\i0 , but road bikes have always seemed proper and gentlemanly.  I\'92m very fond of my Surly (I built it myself), but I\'92m on my road bike almost every day, so he gets first dibs on the sponge bath.  \
I decided today that I\'92m training for something big.  A big trail ride, adventure-style, something thousands of miles long, like the great Continental divide Mountain bike route which runs from Banff in Canada and snakes through the Rockies to the Mexican boarder.  This or at least it\'92s baby cousin, the Colorado trail which is a diminutive 400+ miles.  In any case, I need a goal.  We all need a goal.\
I am not a hero.  I have no cycling victories or sponsers to herald my triumphs over dirt or road, or great chasms fueled by Redbull.  I hate Redbull.  I have no  narcissistic youtube, POV shots with my GoPro camera.  I have no dubstep soundtrack.  I have traveled, but only to wander, and eat, or loiter on distant beaches, not to conquer the world.  But I want to do an F\'92ing big ass trail, dammit, before I end up choking to death on a spicy Kung Pao peanut.  And, to do that, my training bike has to be clean.}